{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf230
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qc

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb2 \pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qc

\f1 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qc

\fs28 \cf3 Quite often in a fairy tale\uc0\u8232 A maiden meets a macho male\u8232 \'a0\'a0\'a0 and soon becomes his missus.\u8232 But myths are apt to culminate\u8232 In sorrows like the tragic fate\u8232 \'a0\'a0\'a0 of Echo and Narcissus.\u8232 \u8232 Now Echo was a nymph, they say,\u8232 As sweet and mild as creme brul\'e9e\u8232 \'a0\'a0\'a0 and also nearly mute.\u8232 She'd parrot back the final word\u8232 (Or two or three) of all she heard,\u8232 \'a0\'a0\'a0 which in its way was cute.\u8232 \u8232 Narcissus was a comely youth,\u8232 A pretty boy to tell the truth,\u8232 \'a0\'a0\'a0 well-built but not too burly.\u8232 Surprisingly, this handsome hunk\u8232 Was chaste enough to be a monk,\u8232 \'a0\'a0\'a0 though centuries too early.\u8232 \u8232 One day the youth was hunting deer\u8232 When Echo glimpsed him from the rear\u8232 \'a0\'a0\'a0 and felt the flame of passion.\u8232 She thought the words she couldn't say:\u8232 "I'd pluck his bowstring any day!"\u8232 \'a0\'a0\'a0 or something in that fashion.\u8232 \u8232 She threw herself into his arms,\u8232 Bedazzled by his boyish charms\u8232 \'a0\'a0\'a0 and badly overheated.\u8232 "What makes you think I want you?" said\u8232 Narcissus, quickly turning red.\u8232 \'a0\'a0\'a0 "I want you," she repeated.\u8232 \u8232 Narcissus sneered in sheer disgust\u8232 At Echo's raw, unbridled lust.\u8232 \'a0\'a0\'a0 "Control yourself!" he sputtered.\u8232 "My striking looks, which should delight me,\u8232 Just keep coming back to bite me!"\u8232 \'a0\'a0\'a0 "Bite me!" Echo muttered.\u8232 \u8232 With that she slunk away to hide.\u8232 She felt as if she could have died,\u8232 \'a0\'a0\'a0 which would have been her choice.\u8232 Her body shriveled as she pined,\u8232 Then disappeared and left behind\u8232 \'a0\'a0\'a0 her disembodied voice.\u8232 \u8232 Now many girls had been through hell\u8232 (And truth to tell, some men as well)\u8232 \'a0\'a0\'a0 for love of proud Narcissus.\u8232 They called upon the gods above,\u8232 "May he soon feel the sting of love,\u8232 \'a0\'a0\'a0 so cruelly does he diss us!"\u8232 \u8232 The gods of vengeance heard their prayer.\u8232 Narcissus passed a pond, and there\u8232 \'a0\'a0\'a0 he saw himself reflected.\u8232 "By Zeus!" he said, "I never thought\u8232 A bod could be so firm, so taut,\u8232 \'a0\'a0\'a0 but now I stand corrected!"\u8232 \u8232 He couldn't pry his eyes away,\u8232 And so he lingered all that day\u8232 \'a0\'a0\'a0 beside the placid pool.\u8232 "Don't torture me, don't turn aside,\u8232 Just kiss me, fool!" he fondly cried.\u8232 \'a0\'a0\'a0 And Echo whispered, "Fool!"
\fs24 \

\fs28 Attempting then a close embrace,\uc0\u8232 He tried to kiss that godlike face,\u8232 which only brought him woe.\u8232 Instead of touching tender lips,\u8232 He ended up imbibing sips\u8232 of tepid H2O.\u8232 \u8232 He languished in his lovesick mood\u8232 And wouldn't eat a speck of food\u8232 \'a0\'a0\'a0 or even take a shower.\u8232 At last, it's rather strange to say,\u8232 He morphed, and to this very day\u8232 \'a0\'a0\'a0 Narcissus is a flower.\u8232 \u8232 Before the change, he beat his breast\u8232 And wailed, "I'm ruined like the rest\u8232 \'a0\'a0\'a0 by passion for Yours Truly.\u8232 I've come to see my pride was wrong.\u8232 I can't believe it took so long!"\u8232 \'a0\'a0\'a0 "So long!" said Echo coolly.
\fs24 \
v}